My people are not your young mother who can make you successful
He became you what did I say
When did I become your woman?
How dare you show up in our house with your guts
Stop talking.
You just fool
Retired the king and the richest man
To give those gifts
Once this is revealed
You have to eat and walk around
Please learn, stay away from him
Otherwise, you will be implicated by him
Xiao Chen, did you hear that?
You can fool others with your tricks
You can't fool me.
Believe it or not, I will tell King Shura now
Huo Shoufu reveals your truth
At that time, you will only have a dead end, Xiao Chen
Is what they say true?
Acceptance is deceived by you
Qingxue, do you believe him?
Why should I lie?
As long as I like
The birthday gift given in person will be cleaned up better than King Shura and the others
Bai
wife
Are you still bragging at this time?
Just you begging pauper
If you don't rely on deception
Can you give away these treasures?
Ah, you liar!
Get the hell out of here
Don't leave me behind
Return to your head with Huo Shoufu
Sky to snow
The sky connects us with light snow
Did you see it?
This is the true face of the trash you chose
Kick him now
Save yourself from getting into trouble with your two families
Xiao Chen
Are you telling me what they said is true?
As I said, I personally have no energy
But I have a lot of friends in the military
They gave it for the sake of my friend.
Hahahahaha
You can't even brag
I've checked it out.
You boy
Just one ordinary soldier in an army of five
After a few years of mixing, you have achieved nothing.
What friends can he have?
Even after
It was also a veteran who fed pigs at home for farming practice
See you, fish lover
Presumptuous, you choose the battlefield for the king, love the country, love the poor
Any level is brave and fearless
If you smoke again
Be careful I break your tongue